Albinass: Needle Thousand!
[pained cry]
[pained grunts]
[cackling]
Foolish little girl.
I have no intention
of sacrificing myself.
And once you're
out of my way,
I plan to save
Lord Hadlar from his ruin.
Save him?
He won't last much longer at
the rate he's deteriorating.
None of the Guards are
strong enough to stop it.
But... The Dark
King's Magic Power
is stronger than
all of us combined.
He may be able to
reverse the damage.
I must win back his favor,
so I'm going to defeat you
Disciples of Avan myself-
as an offering to his throne.
In exchange, perhaps
he will show Hadlar mercy.
Is... Is that...
your plan, or his?
Albinass: Oh, the
choice is all mine.
As a matter of fact,
I'm sure that Hadlar will
be furious when he realizes.
Regardless, his survival
is far more important to me
than his approval -
I have no greater wish.
Really? Albinass...
Albinass: Kind, young Maam.
Spare me your sympathy.
If you'd like to
make yourself of use,
stop resisting and let me
finish this quickly...
Now... Needle Thousand!
[amused chuckle]
You're scurrying
like a rat...
Amusing, but I can't
waste any more time
on a pest like you.
The queen is
the strongest piece,
but she only moves
when it counts.
Great.
Hold still, and
I'll show you...
the form I take when I
battle at full strength.
Maam [thought]: Oh, no
- here we go!
So, you've been hiding
your true form all along?
Albinass: Like I said,
the queen is
the most powerful
piece on the board.
In order to keep that
kind of power under control,
I try to keep my limbs
concealed during battle.
But my patience
is wearing thin,
and now you have no
hope of defeating me.
Maam [thought]:
She's so fast!
[pained yell]
Albinass: The best spell
in my arsenal is Kasizz.
The way Needle Thousand
works is by breaking apart
that spell and releasing
several smaller points.
Are you following me?
But when I use
my hands like this,
I'm able to focus that
energy to a single blast.
Albinass: I call this...
Legionsphere!
[pained yell]
[chuckling]
Your feeble Midheal will
only delay the inevitable.
Maam [thought]: She's
strong... She's too strong.
With this much power,
Albinass might really
defeat us all by herself.
Unless...
Please, Albinass.
Wait a minute.
Albinass: What now?
Listen, I still don't
want to fight you...
There's another way.
Well, if you're going to beg,
the least you can do
is admit I've already won.
That feeling driving you
to save Lord Hadlar...
It's more than just loyalty,
isn't it? Admit that!
What you feel...
It can only be one
thing, and it's...
[cackling]
Albinass: Are you about to
tell me that I love him?
Oh, please. Spare me
your petty sentiment.
There is no place in my
heart for such a feeling.
Don't you see? I'm little
more than a soldier.
A tool of war has no use-
for something as
preposterous as love.
Not true!
Silence!
I know you're only buying time
in order to heal yourself.
Yes, that's better.
Stay just like that
and close your eyes.
Maam [thought]:
It's no use.
There's nothing I can say
that will convince
her to change her mind.
If she can't accept
how she feels,
then she's never
going to hear me.
What can I...
What can I do here?
There you go.
Very good, Maam.
Enjoy your trip to
the afterlife.
Legionsphere!
Avan: Maam... Maam...
But just know this;
There are times when
love... and kindness...
aren't enough to
protect people alone.
Avan: Just as strength without
justice is tyranny,
justice without
strength is powerless.
Do you understand?
Maam [thought]:
That's right.
I can't let myself be
defeated out of love.
The others and I
have all come too far
- and it's not over yet...
Because I still have this!
Amdo!
Albinass, I'll
never let you win.
My friends are counting on me,
and we've sworn to
protect each other...
Just like the Royal Guard.
Your weapon...
That's Lon Beruk's work!
Right - The Dark Armor Fist.
And just like
Hyunckel's spear.
It's more than meets the eye.
It makes me totally immune
to magic of every kind.
Until now, I couldn't bring
myself to use it in battle...
Because it's far too
powerful, even for you.
But if...
If all you are is a tool
of war, I won't hold back.
I've tried my best to give you
a chance - now, I'll fight.
[roaring]
Take this!
[charging yell]
Maam [thought]: Not bad.
I can already
see why Lon Beruk
told me to wear this on
my non-dominant hand.
It makes the perfect shield,
and it's definitely
enhancing my defenses...
So, let's see what it
can do with my attacks.
Even against Orichalcum,
if I move with enough speed,
I can do some real damage.
Justice found its strength.
What?!
I've got you now!
Did you actually think
that your little toy
would be enough to stop me?
Why can't I land a hit?!
Maam [thought]: I can't
keep up with her.
She's going to
win with her speed.
I need something big.
But if Albinass is
made out of Orichalcum,
my Refractor Fist
isn't going to work...
I guess that means I'll
have to use the other skill
that the Grand
Master taught me:
The Warrior-Master-Style...
Tiger Shatter Fist.
Brokeena: However,
I must warn you.
This attack is not
for the faint of heart.
It's the most physically
devastating one I know.
It allows you to concentrate
the full power of your Aura
into one high-velocity blast.
Of course, a powerful move is
not without its shortcomings.
An enemy could deflect
the force right back at you,
so you should only use it
if you're out of options.
Maam [thought]: I don't see
any other choice, Master.
I'll just have to hope
that my Dark Armor Fist
is tough enough to protect me.
Ah, so you've decided
to stop flailing around.
I presume you have one
last trick up your sleeve?
Well, go ahead.
It's pointless.
Maybe it is, but...
I still have to try!
Even a fighter able to take
down a bear with one punch...
can meet their demise if they're
faced with a swarm of hornets.
And you just kicked
the hornet's nest, Maam.
Huh?
Th-This... is...
Maam [thought]:
It's... too much...
Albinass: [victorious cackle]
Are you beginning
to see what I mean?
You'll never keep up with me,
and I'm going to keep stinging
you, again and again...
Until I have you so weak
that you'll beg me
to put an end to it
Fight all you want.
I've already won.
[pained yell]
[chuckling]
Well, have you finally
run out strength?
You've proven to
be quite troublesome.
I'll give you credit for that.
Maam [thought]: I've never
faced anybody this strong...
But, why now?
If Albinass always had
this sort of power,
why didn't she use it earlier?
She could've won any of our
other battles with this attack,
so... why would
she hold it back?
The queen is
the strongest piece,
but she only moves
when it counts.
Maam [thought]:
The queen certainly is
the strongest piece.
But maybe her ability
to move so quickly
can also be her weakness.
That's it! It's the
only option I have left.
[evil laughter]
Accepting your fate?
Well, then as you wish!
I shall put an end to
all of this suffering.
It's been such
a pleasure, Maam.
And don't worry,
I'm sure your friends will
be joining you soon enough!
[pained scream]
Albinass: H-How?
Maam: You may be fast,
but even you can't dodge
that much shrapnel.
And because of how
fast you were going,
it's done even more damage to
your armor than I'd hoped for.
Your greatest strength
was also your weakness.
Maam: With me on my back,
the only way you could
attack was head-on,
and you charged
straight into my trap.
All I had to do was wait
for the right moment.
You just lost this
one, Albinass.
Albinass: No...
Not yet, you brat...
It's not over yet!
Maam [thought]: I'm sorry,
but I have to do this.
This will be...
the last attack I go for!
Warrior-Master Style...
Tiger Shatter Fist!
Gotcha.
Albinass: Don't
come any closer.
You've beaten me.
I accept it.
It appears...
that underestimating you...
was a very costly mistake.
Albinass...
Albinass: With my core
penetrated like this,
my body will
destruct any moment.
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
I didn't... have a choice.
[cynical chuckle]
There's no need to apologize.
If you hadn't done it,
I would have killed
you without any remorse.
But you are much
stronger than I am.
Not just in battle, but in your
ability to care for others.
It's really as
simple as that.
I don't regret this,
but it's a shame:
to realize... that because I
was only a piece on the board,
waiting to be moved,
my will could never be
as strong as a human's.
Albinass: But, Lord Hadlar...
I wanted him to go on,
whether it was for moments,
or merely a second longer...
Even if it wound up costing
me the very life he gave.
Albinass: You take
it from here. Leave me.
But if you will, grant
me one last request...
And witness my
lord's final glory.
Maam [thought]: Albinass...
You were more than
just another piece.
I know that much
without a doubt.
The way you felt
about Hadlar proves it.
You might have refused
to admit what it was...
But that was the most
human thing about you.
We call that feeling "love".
Hyunckel: Bloody Scryde!
Hym [thought]: D-Damnit...
How can I be so weak?
No!
[falling yell]
Hym. You weren't a weak
adversary, just an unlucky one.
You didn't know it,
but you were
facing me right after
I had awakened to a new power.
Maam: Hyunckel!
I take it you defeated
the queen alright?
Yeah. It was all thanks to
Lon Beruk's Dark Armor Fist.
Good, the pawn
is done as well.
From what I could gather,
the Guard's trying to
stall us, while Hadlar...
He has one last
showdown with Dai.
Yes...
Hyunckel: Guess we should
hurry back and stop him.
What was that?
Must be Popp.
Wonder who he's fighting...
Maam [thought]:
It's Sigma, the knight.
He's the one with
the Mirror of Shahal...
and that means he
can reflect any spell.
Wait, if Popp uses Medroa...
Are you...
worried about him?
Maam: I am...
Hyunckel: You shouldn't be.
With Popp's soul
power unleashed,
even I would have
trouble taking him on.
He might be a little
tired from the trip up,
but I doubt a member
of the Royal Guard
would be a match for him.
Maam: You're right.
He'll be okay.
We should trust that
he can handle himself.
Maam, what's got you so
concerned about him anyway?
I mean, if it were
Dai or me up there,
something tells me you
wouldn't be this bothered.
Come on. You and Dai
are both absurdly strong.
No matter what you face, you
always pull through on your own.
But, well, Popp...
Popp's strong too, but...
he's always so careless
whenever somebody's not there
to tell him what to do.
It's difficult
to watch sometimes.
Maam [thought]:
That's it.
I've always been Popp's
worst critic, haven't I?
And that means...
He was always trying
so hard to get stronger
because he wanted
to change my mind.
I can't believe
I didn't see that.
Hyunckel: Maam.
Hyunckel...
Remember what Popp said?
The power of your
soul... is love. Love.
That pulled me
out of darkness.
I'll always be
grateful for that.
But there are two
kinds of love:
The kind driven
by compassion,
and the kind that's
something more.
What do you mean,
"something more"?
You're always helping others.
It's like a second
nature for you.
That's certainly
the spirit of Love.
But, after this battle ends,
and everyone's cared for...
a day will come for you to have
someone to love for yourself.
Someone to love...
You mean, like...
how Amy loves you?
I still... I don't think
I can feel that way.
I don't know if I...
But... but I still
want to be around her.
Love is... an emotion that
exists beyond our control.
No wonder sometimes
it leads people astray.
Like how Baran
and I fell to evil.
Maam [thought]: Or like
how Merle and Albinass
were both willing to sacrifice
themselves for someone else.
Maam, life's too
short to wonder.
If you have any feeling for
Popp you can't explain....
then don't let it go cold...
you should tell him
while you have the chance.
So leave Dai to me.
Do what you gotta do.
Hyunckel...
Go on. Popp's still
waiting for an answer.
Thanks. I owe you
one, Hyunckel.
Hyunckel [thought]:
Thank you, Maam...
The angel of Love who
brought me back to the light.
You deserve to have
someone who cares for you
as much as you
care for others.
And may whoever that
is bring you happiness...
The kind I could
never bring you myself.
Narrator: Now that Hym and
Albinass have been defeated,
Popp finds himself in stalemate
against Hadlar's knight, Sigma.
But when Sigma unleashes
the Mirror of Shahal,
the young mage finds
himself unable to counter,
and his own magic
turned against him.
As the battle approaches
its crescendo,
both contenders will
attempt one final gambit.
See who will triumph -
on the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Victory or Annihilation".